#MONTHLY GBU

GOOD:-

1. I am happy to join Navgurukul because here I am learning how to become a self-dependent person.
2. It,s a nice feeling to study with new friends and learning so many things.
3. The good experience for me is that the senior students are helping me in my studies.
4. Shakruddin and Amar are helping me in clearing my concepts.
5. The good thing about my studies is that I have completed functions in python.
6. The good thing that I am now settled in this environment.
7. New laptops were distributed, thanks to the Navgurukul team. 
8. I fells that If I am in college I would waste my 3 to 4 years, but in Navgurukul, I felt that what I would learn in 4 years, in Navgurukul I would learn these things in only one year.
9. we do campus cleaning on Friday 
10. Saral started again.
11. I have learned how to cook food in navgurukul.
12. With seniors, I have changed my thinking process in programming.

Bad:-

1. I feel that I am slow in studies which is a bad thing for my studies.
2. Lot of time I have wasted in any other thing without study.
3. The programming was a little bit harder for me I realized with the studies.
4. The seniors are getting job soon that is a bad thing for all new students because all of us were missing their experience.
5. The food was not appropriate for the students but after 10 days the things were getting good.
6. I have not used toggle properly.
7. shortage of laptops.
8. When senior was because busy I feel that there are no resources for the new students but after some time things were sorted. 
9. Saral is not working for about 15 days but in these, I am studying from the code academy. 
10. I speak more where it was not required.

Ugly:-

1. I am disturbed for about 10 days how to survive in these conditions but after spending time with seniors I realize that the opportunity of navgurukul is very useful for me.
2. My concentration was very weak in studies here I am learning how to concentrate on studies.
3. some internet connections creating problems.

Next action:-

1. I want to increase my study time.
2. I want to reduce my moving outside time.
3. I would use the toggle.