MONTHLY GBU:-

Toggl Time:-192:43:12

Good:--

1. In this month I met to Ravi from Accenture, after meeting him I am feeling cheerful because he wanted that every student of navgurukul became a good software engineer and help the other poor children which are interested in studies.
2. on the end of the month I gain my confidence and studies on the right track with the help @Amar, I am thankful of for appreciating me.
3. Rishav and Abhishek started seva on our campus, this is really a good programme for every student because in this programme each and every student works for 2 hours.
4. I completed python with the help of Sakruddin, Amar, Diwakar, and Monu. This really helps me in building my concepts in programming and raise my confidence.
5. In seva my work is to clean the whole the facility, I really enjoyed doing the cleaning of the whole facility.
6. Akhil and Prahlad become the new disco of our campus, they are maintaining the whole campus properly.
7. I have guided some new students how to study and talk with parents and explained about the Navgurukul, this is really helpful for me because before this incident I don't know to convince any person about any topic so, this helped to build my convincing ability.
8. In studies, I have done python from codefight and code academy.
9. My laptop key which is broken is repaired with the help of Sunil.

Bad:--

1. some villagers are fought with us without any reason, and they were drunk this is bad for us and also for the villagers because they were creating a bad culture for us and also for themselves.
2. I don't wake up in the early morning due to a headache but my laptop is stolen from me for the whole day, I personally feel that this is bad for any student.
3. My laptop g key lock is broken by itself, but IT Manager says that laptop is your responsibility so, you have to repair your laptop yourselves, but now the key is working.
4. I have done some misconversation with some students, after the misconversation I realized that this is bad for our culture, so I admitted my mistake and done friendship with those students.
5. I am slow in studies, I didn't utilize my time perfectly.

ugly:--

1. Due to my laptop button lock is broken I didn't study for 5 days, after that, I recover my studies in a proper way. 
2. I have left some python problems in codefight and freecodecamp, now I have done all leaved problems.

Next:--

1. I will use toggl properly for each and every work.
2. I will not lose my patience easily.
3. Take care of my laptop.
4. I will do study properly.